PIM-9055: Allow not to drop an existing database during install (#12102)
akeneo/pim-community-dev: CHANGELOG-4.0.md

# 4.0.x

## Technical Improvements

> - PIM-9055: Allow not to drop an existing database during the install proces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PIM-9055: Disallow to drop an existing database during the install proces
```
